fix mailto links to CommonMark spec (#1368)
carpentries/instructor-training: _extras/additional_exercises.md

> "Issues" tab. Read through some of the discussions and, if you have anything to add, please add it
> to the conversation! If you wish to make a pull request, be sure to examine the contribution guidelines for
> the repository you are working in. If you do make a significant contribution to the discussion, send a link to

> > the issue to [checkout@carpentries.org](mailto:checkout@carpentries.org). Congratulations! You have

Reviewer: @karenword  is this the right address?

Author: ```suggestion
> the issue to [instructor.training@carpentries.org](mailto:instructor.training@carpentries.org). Congratulations! You have
```

Author: Spoke with @karenword async and she says this is the correct email.
